[Music]
well if you want to finally get a puppy
go on a vacation and borrow a car from
your dad all you need to hear is one
magical word yes no matter how hard it
may be to get an approval you will be
prepared for everything
after this video here's my list of
people persuaders one smile this is the
first impression people get from you at
the start of any conversation be the one
who sets a positive tone if you frown
people will naturally try to defend and
this subconsciously sets them against
you when you smile you show the other
person that you're happy to talk to them
and that makes them relax and be more
attentive to you to give all your
attention and be respectful this works
even as setting a good example if you
pay attention to all the other person
has to say and to their mood the one who
showed their positive signs - they will
also listen to you and respect your
needs 3 don't hide that you need
something how was your day the weather
was good today right have you heard the
news and by the way I want to pay right
you can see how fishy that sounds people
are smart and you won't trick anyone
like that
so the first point you make in a
conversation should be about what you
want to get but there is a trick to this
rule for get your priorities straight if
you know for sure that your roommate
won't let you throw a party and skip
your turn to clean your place start with
a one request that is less likely to get
approval the second one has a lot more
chances for success 5 make a deal
present your idea as a collective goal
that will benefit the other person 2 if
it's not possible
make an offer from your side but make it
look like you're just being respectful
some people will resist any attempt to
bribe them 6 earn respect it's easy to
do never be late do your part on time
and never miss deadlines being punctual
and honoring your commitments
go unnoticed and people tend to respect
this kind of attitude more than any
unnecessary heroic efforts or even
personal favor 7 show your interest
during my days in school the teacher
would often ask the class if someone had
any questions and after an awkward pause
the teacher would become all gloomy
after that it was impossible to get a
yes from them asking questions and
offering suggestions is a good way to
show your interest it adds value to both
the discussed matter and the person
you're talking to 8 ask for advice this
way you will make the other person feel
important and respect it after all
people like to help others just avoid
whining about your problems no one likes
that so keep the conversation positive
and constructive 9 Dress for Success
like it or not people always form their
first impression from the most
accessible source which is how you look
choose a style that will be appropriate
for this kind of conversation no need to
discuss your relationship wearing a suit
you know 10 remind them that they can
say no any time don't push too hard with
all the persuasion thing it may make
people feel uneasy and stressed when you
leave a choice you show respect and
willingness not to put a person in a bad
situation 11 be thankful even if no
one's asking anything back from you give
a nod of appreciation to them even a
small token gift will do great when
you're known as a grateful person your
reputation will start working for you 12
establish contact start with eye contact
don't be afraid of looking someone in
the eye while asking for something
you're just showing that you're honest
to them and people usually appreciate it
big time people won't trust you if you
hide your eyes from them even if you're
talking with someone you don't know make
a note of their eye color first this
will give a reason to establish eye
contact and also make a compliment 13
get on the same page
find something you both share with each
other maybe you have a similar hobby or
same everyday problems or you're both
fans of comic books anything will do
remind the person about that and build
your arguments upon these points just
stay on a positive side and don't delve
into the problem territory too much 14
maintain a good posture don't cross your
arms and don't lock them with each other
it's a defensive position that shows
this conversation is a nuisance for you
most of the time you'll immediately see
the other person copy this posture and
from this point your conversation is
probably already going nowhere another
trick is to mirror the posture of the
person you're talking to this will help
to hit it off with anyone 15 call them
by name it's a fact that people like the
sound of their names spoken out loud
saying someone's name in a conversation
is the key point in establishing
trustworthy relationships 16 make it
personal this requires a careful choice
of words start a conversation with
something like you know how important it
is to me or I've been thinking about it
for a long time show how important it is
for you to get what you need we often
think that our desires are easily
ignored but it's not always the case if
you're honest about it people will
listen 17 choose the right moment don't
bother people in their spare time but
also don't distract them from working or
studying for example a good moment to
ask for a day off is right before the
Working Day starts or just after it ends
the first option is better because they
will be well-rested
and more relaxed than at the end of the
day 18 humor is your best friend a good
joke that suits the situation counts as
two good arguments people are reactive
they reflect what they receive like a
mirror if you said something positive
like a reason to laugh at them they will
respond with a good mood and a relaxed
state both of these things are your keys
to win people over and get that puppy
home at last
19 facts are much more reliable nothing
is worse than starting an argument with
a joke that went right over someone's
head while you're trying to make your
point try to lean on statistics facts
and authorities it's much better if the
authorities mention are those close to
you and the person you speak to like the
most monumental point in any argument
with your siblings is the word of your
parents this kind of thing 20 facts are
coal stories are relatable statistically
people pay much more attention if
someone starts to speak from words like
my grandfather always told me or my
favorite teacher once said whatever you
say after that will automatically gain
more meaning make a simple short story
around the point you're trying to make
and people will tend to agree with you
21 use simple language not because
people aren't smart just the opposite
respect them and their time give
information to them in the most
accessible form you'll be able to make
your point clear nothing bad can happen
from that 22 keep it simple and don't
overdo anything wow that's a long list
of tips but don't worry you don't need
to follow every single one of them at
the same time the most important thing
is to stay true and act natural
keep your ears open and adapt to the
situation at hand if the person you're
talking to is moody today don't bother
them too much with positivity and laughs
if they want to relax and have fun facts
and statistics will probably only
irritate them and good luck with that
puppy hey if you learn something new
today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
remember stay on the bright side of life
[Music]